Setup project (#6)
safe-global/safe-auth-service: README.md

![Build Status](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-auth-service/workflows/Python%20CI/badge.svg?branch=main)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/safe-global/safe-auth-service/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/safe-global/safe-auth-service?branch=main)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
![Python 3.12](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.12-blue.svg)

> ![Flask 3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-3-blue.svg)

Author: Fixed here https://github.com/safe-global/safe-auth-service/pull/6/commits/a070dc65754dda25f2e459898d82296a1f15f5e9

# Safe Auth Service

> Grants JWT tokens based on ERC-4361 authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grants JWT tokens to be used across the Safe Core{API} infrastructure. It supports ERC-4361 authentication.
```

Remember that we might enable classic user/login, Google auth, passkeys, etc. athentication at some point. We need a way to give custom tokens
